Goal: 
In this assignment you will design and implement a deep neural network for a customer. You are given a description of the problem and are tasked with analysing the problem and, supported by research, come up with a good solution to advice the customer. You will be provided with a basic python implementation of a DNN with training and evaluation code.

Results:
    • An advisory report containing an analysis of the given problem description, the results of the research, a proposal for a possible solution including alternatives and a final advice.
    • A realization of the solution given in the advice:
        ◦ A python code base or notebook with the implementation of the DNN.
        ◦ An explanation of the code, either as comments in the code or in a separate document.
    • An evaluation report containing the performance metrics for the DNN

Problem:
"The company SLIFTS (Smart Lifts in Floor Transition Systems) want to expand its elevator capabilities to handle spoken commands. In the aftermath of the global 2020 COVID pandemic, the company has noted a sharp decline in the number of passengers that use their elevators. Marketing research has shown that people are hesitant to touch physical buttons in the elevator. As one user noted “this up-button looks really yucky, I can almost see the germs crawling on it!”. The situation is extremely serious and people are even doing previously unthinkable things like taking the stairs, which has to be prevented in all cases. To resolve this problem, SLIFTS has hired Zuyd Hogeschool to research and develop elevators with voice command capabilities."
 
You are asked to research how neural networks can be employed to enable voice commands. As a proof of concept, the mini speech commands dataset can be used as a stand-in for the actual data (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/antfilatov/mini-speech-commands ). SLIFTS asks your advice on how to pre-process the data and what kind of NN architecture is suitable for the task of recognizing a fixed number of speech commands. Of course, an artefact demonstrating the capabilities and an evaluation of the system are also required." 
